add third-party message type (#75)
dwrtc/dwrtc: docs/websocket.md

### Send

* `ClientMessage`. Send a black box signaling message to another peer.

>   * `type`: The message type. Can be defined by the developer. E.g. "SignalingMessage" for WebRTC signaling messages and "CustomMessage" for custom messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `type`: The message type. Has to be defined by the developer. E.g. "SignalingMessage" for WebRTC signaling messages and "CustomMessage" for custom messages.
```
